<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>Profile</th>
      <th>Description</th>
      <th>Parent</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td><a href="StructureDefinition-ch-emr-bundle.html">CH Emergency Record Bundle</a></td>
      <td>Bundle profile for Emergency Record.</td>
      <td><a href="http://fhir.ch/ig/ch-ips/StructureDefinition-ch-ips-document.html">CH IPS Document</a></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><a href="StructureDefinition-ch-emr-composition.html">CH Emergency Record Composition</a></td>
      <td>Swiss Emergency Record based on International Patient Summary.</td>
      <td><a href="http://fhir.ch/ig/ch-ips/StructureDefinition-ch-ips-composition.html">CH IPS Composition</a></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><a href="StructureDefinition-ch-emr-deviceusestatement.html">CH Emergency Record Device Use Statement</a></td>
      <td>Use of an implanted device in the Emergency Record.</td>
      <td><a href="http://hl7.org/fhir/uv/ips/StructureDefinition-DeviceUseStatement-uv-ips.html">IPS DeviceUseStatement</a></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><a href="StructureDefinition-ch-emr-device.html">CH Emergency Record Device</a></td>
      <td>Device profile for implants in the Emergency Record.</td>
      <td><a href="http://hl7.org/fhir/uv/ips/StructureDefinition-Device-uv-ips.html">IPS Device</a></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><a href="StructureDefinition-ch-emr-bodystructure.html">CH Emergency Record Body Structure</a></td>
      <td>Structured anatomical location of an implant, carrying an unlateralised body site and the laterality qualifier.</td>
      <td><a href="http://hl7.org/fhir/R4/bodystructure.html">BodyStructure (FHIR R4)</a></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><a href="StructureDefinition-ch-emr-relatedperson.html">CH Emergency Record RelatedPerson</a></td>
      <td>RelatedPerson profile for emergency contacts and family members in the Emergency Record.</td>
      <td><a href="http://fhir.ch/ig/ch-core/StructureDefinition-ch-core-relatedperson.html">CH Core RelatedPerson</a></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><a href="StructureDefinition-ch-emr-observation-resuscitation-status.html">CH Emergency Record Observation Resuscitation Status</a></td>
      <td>Observation profile for documenting the patient's resuscitation (code) status.</td>
      <td><a href="http://hl7.org/fhir/R4/observation.html">Observation (FHIR R4)</a></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><a href="StructureDefinition-ch-emr-documentreference-advance-directive.html">CH Emergency Record Advance Directive DocumentReference</a></td>
      <td>Reference to advance directives and emergency medical orders.</td>
      <td><a href="http://fhir.ch/ig/ch-core/StructureDefinition-ch-core-documentreference.html">CH Core DocumentReference</a></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><a href="StructureDefinition-ch-emr-condition-riskFactors.html">CH Emergency Record Healthcare Professionals Risk Factors</a></td>
      <td>Risk factors relevant for healthcare professionals.</td>
      <td><a href="http://fhir.ch/ig/ch-ips/StructureDefinition-ch-ips-condition.html">CH IPS Condition</a></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><a href="StructureDefinition-ch-emr-documentreference.html">CH Emergency Record DocumentReference</a></td>
      <td>DocumentReference profile for information on documents in the Emergency Record.</td>
      <td><a href="http://fhir.ch/ig/ch-core/StructureDefinition-ch-core-documentreference.html">CH Core DocumentReference</a></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><a href="StructureDefinition-ch-emr-observation-cognitive-disability.html">CH Emergency Record Observation Cognitive Disability</a></td>
      <td>Observation profile for cognitive disability in the Emergency Record.</td>
      <td><a href="http://hl7.org/fhir/R4/observation.html">Observation (FHIR R4)</a></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><a href="StructureDefinition-ch-emr-observation-physical-disability.html">CH Emergency Record Physical Disability Observation</a></td>
      <td>Observation profile for physical disability in the Emergency Record.</td>
      <td><a href="http://hl7.org/fhir/R4/observation.html">Observation (FHIR R4)</a></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><a href="StructureDefinition-ch-emr-allergyintolerance.html">CH Emergency Record AllergyIntolerance</a></td>
      <td>AllergyIntolerance profile for allergies and intolerances in the Emergency Record.</td>
      <td><a href="http://fhir.ch/ig/ch-ips/StructureDefinition-ch-ips-allergyintolerance.html">CH IPS AllergyIntolerance</a></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><a href="StructureDefinition-ch-emr-condition.html">CH Emergency Record Condition</a></td>
      <td>Condition profile for problems and diagnoses in the Emergency Record.</td>
      <td><a href="http://fhir.ch/ig/ch-ips/StructureDefinition-ch-ips-condition.html">CH IPS Condition</a></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><a href="StructureDefinition-ch-emr-immunization.html">CH Emergency Record Immunization</a></td>
      <td>Immunization profile for vaccinations in the Emergency Record.</td>
      <td><a href="http://fhir.ch/ig/ch-ips/StructureDefinition-ch-ips-immunization.html">CH IPS Immunization</a></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><a href="StructureDefinition-ch-emr-medication.html">CH Emergency Record Medication</a></td>
      <td>Medication profile for medication in the Emergency Record.</td>
      <td><a href="http://fhir.ch/ig/ch-ips/StructureDefinition-ch-ips-medication.html">CH IPS Medication</a></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><a href="StructureDefinition-ch-emr-medicationstatement.html">CH Emergency Record MedicationStatement</a></td>
      <td>MedicationStatement profile for medication in the Emergency Record.</td>
      <td><a href="http://fhir.ch/ig/ch-ips/StructureDefinition-ch-ips-medicationstatement.html">CH IPS MedicationStatement</a></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><a href="StructureDefinition-ch-emr-observation-pregnancy-status.html">CH Emergency Record Observation Pregnancy Status</a></td>
      <td>Profile for documenting pregnancy status in the Emergency Record.</td>
      <td><a href="http://hl7.org/fhir/uv/ips/StructureDefinition-Observation-pregnancy-status-uv-ips.html">IPS Observation Pregnancy Status</a></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>
